./runcli.sh
!connect
!login mallory
!open tech
is linux-image-* package the correct place to get the default .config for that package? ok, i guess that is a little circular
i mean, yeah, same thing
just kinda strange they dont have any default ones in the linux-source-* package
well, there are some in the source for linux-image, but they are pretty minimal
otoh, i am somewhat glad that 8-year olds are still aware of irc
video driver?
dozer: if live works, then clearly it *can* work, just need to get the right drivers in the right place at the right time
why would it die at that point? it should only start using the installed drivers after reboot?
or no?
live has an installer boot option too
not sure if thats any different than the normal installer
(its gonna fail the exact same way as before :)
with the installer, or just in general?
yeah, its not a driver issue per se then, just monitor going to power save
i think i vaguely remember something like this before
dozer: also maybe something with xset dpms
dozer: should be "xset -dpms" i guess
yeah
hm, why does installing a kernel image sometimes runs /etc/kernel/postinst.d/zz-update-grub, and sometimes not
i dont know, i cant find a pattern
well, whatever, not that important right now
dozer: have you tried unplugging it and plugging it back in again? ;)
(the video cable)
dozer: (i meant after it happens)
hehe
i always wonder why i am working on the actual console and not ssh
dozer: user:live ?
yes
(a ton of stuff is enabled)
random weird network daemons that you probably dont want :)
Echoz: works for me, but its squeeze
maybe they disabled it (which might be a good idea, heh)
whats the actualy correct thing to blacklist a module on the kernel command line, i tried nouveau.blacklist=1, that succeeded in not loading it because: nouveau: Unknown parameter `blacklist; i also saw suggested nouveau.blacklist=yes and modprobe.blacklist=nouveau
i guess the last one?
which man page
ok, i will try that, unless this module is not loaded via modprobe
Echoz: technically, you dont need the display
well, time to recompile the kernel.... again
heh
is there no more init.d ?
i really should get a newer livecd
never seen it yet
sounds vaguely similar to solaris smf
good, i like smf
starting to get a bit old though
are you bringing back enough for everyone?
dozer: but if live also has the issue, it might be easier to debug it on live first?
yes
but you might as well figure it out on live first so that you can cleanly apply the fix later
since presumably it will also happen on the installed version
nah, that would more likely cause a kernel panic or similar
the video card could be broken though
maybe compare what video driver ubuntu is using?
also, if you ssh into live after it happens
perhaps there is something in the logs
dozer: and the installer you used... is it X or curses?
well, the curses installer is the one with the pseudo-graphical blue menus
(i am not sure if there even exists an X installer)
ok
dozer: (0) wait until live blanks (2) ssh in, get the logs (3) try running xset -dpms or xset dpms force on in ssh or on command line
or vbetool dpms on if not in X
doubt any of that will work, but who knows
or just have terminal open and type those in
shrug
different kernel, drivers, settings, who knows
dozer: dunno, but it is here: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Debian_version_history#Release_table
dozer: is the screen off?
not black or something
ok
so it could be in power save, or something crashed, or ...
and it completely works in some other OS right now?
well, try some of those ideas ^^
the installer was also in X?
i think we really need to see the logs
figure out how to ssh in there
dpkg -i *.deb ?
..
dozer: did you figure it out
man, the way gcc package versions are done is incredibly annoying
specifically e.g. the gcc metapackage that creates links to gcc-*; what if i want an older version? then i have to manually fix all those links
