./runcli.sh
!connect
!login 2373374U
!open tech
dozer: What model is it?
dozer: I might have one here
dozer: I don't have one here, but I did run debian on that same model with absolutely no problems
for a few months
dozer: Yeah, what graphics does it have, the one I used had intel graphics in a Xeon E3-something
dozer: Ah, I see. Are you able to get a live environment with a command line up?
dozer: Does it have integrated graphics, so you could try that instead?
jm_: Amazon reviews say it works "pretty well" with CentOS 6.3, jessie kernel isn't that old, is it?
dozer: Okay. Seeing as this isn't a particularly high end card, do you by any chance have any spare cards around that you could use instead?
Or if not use, just test to see if it's even related to the graphics card
dozer: I know there's some AMD graphics firmware that's required in certain cases. I'll try to find out whether this is included in the firmware image
dozer: It seems some AMD cards require firmware-linux-nonfree, which is included in the firmware image
dozer: Are you experiencing the same problems both with the graphical and curses installers?
dozer: You could try booting into live and running the installer from there
I don't remember the name of the executable, let me see. I have a live environment running in the other room
dozer: it's "debian-installer-launcher"
dozer: It'll run in the same framebuffer as the console did, so if live works well, then this should be the same
dozer: try booting with consoleblank=0
that should prevent the screen from turning off after a while
dozer: if that works you should probably add that to the kernel parameters in grub after installation, too
Yeah, if running from the live environment you could maybe try setterm -blank 0 -powerdown 0 -powersave off
Ouroboros: If running the default installer it won't be using X
dozer: Oh boy
try without consoleblank=0, then and instead run that command inside
Ouroboros: can you tell me the names of two packages, one that does and one that doesn't and I might be able to tell you
Would hardly be blanking, it should happen only afte 10 minutes of inactivity
This card only has a DMS-59 plug doesn't it
dozer: Do you have another computer in the same network?
dozer: If you run from the live environment, you may be able to start sshd and run the installation from there
dozer: Yup, the newt installer should run just fine inside a terminal emulator on your other computer
Speaking of that I really wonder why I didn't do this while I was setting up a small NFS server at home yesterday...
dozer: Ouroboros is right
it has sudo rights, so just do sudo debian-installer-launcher, or sudo su ...
Yeah, it sets up your first interface automatically
hmm, interesting, gonna do a port scan on the live environment i have running here in the office
it seems login with password is disabled though, don't know if you were able to log in, dozer?
dozer: Yeah, of course you can change the settings, though
Ouroboros: They did, but it was easily changed the same way you would on an installed system
so I was able to log in now
dozer: no, ssh user@hostname
and then the password
probably replace hostname with the IP address
jm_: to install debian, the screen goes blank and won't wake when he uses the installer, even if launched from the console
jm_: is there any advantage to this as opposed to just using ssh in the live environment?
dozer: If you get authentication failure (publickey) let me know and I'll guide you through changing the ssh settings. of course this requires half a minute of access with the keyboard and display...
Ouroboros: true, i could probably do it without with vim
user<return>live<return>sudo su<return>vi /etc/ssh/sshd<tab><return>/PasswordAuth<return>3fndwayes<escape>:wq<return>systemctl restart sshd<return>
that would enable password auth from the login prompt, no need for a display
Ouroboros: some of the init scripts are kept for backwards compatibility, but in Jessie systemd is default
works really well, i use it on almost all of my computers, except my raspberry pi that sits behind my TV with some XBMC distro
Jessie, that is
im getting lunch so i'll be away for a short while
dozer: are you using a live distro with or without a GUI?
dozer: might be easier to use the live image without a GUI, if you lose the display and have to use only keyboard
pdo_fn14: do you have gstreamer?
